Update the election process timelines to new (#60)
numfocus/elections: README.md

The election process will involve the following phases.
The dates are tentative and are subject to change depending on the community engagement during the nomination and voting phases.

| Election phases                                                       | Tentative dates                |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------ |
| Nomination period                                                     | June 14–July 5                 |
| Nominee application review (by election committee and NumFOCUS board) | July 5–July 12                 |

> | Notify nominees and get confirmation                                  | Aug 12–Aug 21                  |
> | Voting period                                                         | Aug 21– Sep 9                  |
> | Review election results (by NumFOCUS board)                           | Sep 9–Sep 23                   |
> | Publish results announcing new board members                          | Late September / Early October |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Notify nominees and get confirmation                                  | July 12–Sep 23                  |
| Voting period                                                         | Sep 23– Oct 7                  |
| Review election results (by NumFOCUS board)                           | Oct 7–Oct 23                   |
| Publish results announcing new board members                          | Late October / Early November |
```

Reviewer 2: okay, do you need any support from the infrastructure team on the vote rollout?

Reviewer 3: @tkoyama010 @kalyan678 - I think we can also mention the voter registration phase in the timeline. So, 
* Voter registration: 23rd Sep to 4th Oct 
* Voting period: 7th Oct - 25th Oct
* Review election results: 26th Oct - 8th Nov
* Publish results: mid Nov

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Voter registration                                   | Sep 20–Oct 4                  |
| Voting period                                                         | Oct 7– Oct 25                  |
| Review election results (by NumFOCUS board)                           | Oct 26–Nov 8                   |
| Publish results announcing new board members                          | Middle Nov |
```
